I'm writing this to you to tell my story, i don't want it to be special, or assured ticket to the university. so in the next few sentece, i'm trying my best to tell you an appealing story of a person
who had allways difficulties to clusre her self in the conventional categries of man and woman, one things she didnt know about, wich is still today one of the challenges with any artifical inteligence system
and that was there wasnt enough example of her, so a larning could be modeled. so it wasnt a problem to men so they coudnt understand of her reality. even as a small child she was allways attracted to diffiulat problem, on her early days she used
to spend hours in her mind to solve the integer factorization problem, even she wasn't able to solve the prblem, trhough out the years, she developed anormous huristices to solve alotof other problems. as a child she spent hours to understand her nature with a hope of developing another intelligence that wasnt very diffrent, as she percived people around her.
years been pas and she was growin as a young adult, so her problem was also growing in size and shapes, one things she never could think of, is as the best student of the country she will ever fall, but that was exactly what happend. she started to making wrong desion and building a life uppon those mistakes, she started her career as an enterprounor, a little after she 
was hardly secured her position in the university of one of the worst universites of the country, as she was thinking she doesnt belong, she was know that was her choices. she have been skewed of her passions as a child, and she kepts doing that. she maried and become a father of a son. as her son was growing old, she realized that she is not even performing well on her desion as a father, she asked herself: how she could goes all the way wrong, isn't the most intellgince of us supposed to be successful?
so in 13 november of 2022 she decided to do everything to reversed her mistakes. and theat when my story begins. 
my name is Monie (Mohammad Irfan Kabir), and i am nonbinary, borned in a small town in north iran in later 1987. my father, praised on his soul, was a phiscian, who traveld long from his home country to meet with my mother in the country of iran.with a great philosohpy of how being kind with everone else he managed to rais his tree son, and im honred by his shadows on me before his sunset in december 2019.   in the closing of 2022 i was about to take my most imprtant desions of life, while i was financially decpretaed, i wanted to become a great scientist as it was my dream when i was a child, but the number of barriers was exponentially growed since i was a child, 

