Dear reader,
When i’m writing to you, i’m trying my best to fo

Dear reader,
As when i’m wrting this to you, i have tried my best (put all my effort) to be unbiased about the university of interest, and instead, i’ve choosed to give you an honest, and true and hopefully engaging  and appealing story of mine, and as chances may not allow, i should also tell you that regardless of choosing me or not, it was an honor to share my sotry with you and humbly i hope you enjoy reading it. (it wasn an honor to me to be  (instead i share of failure and lesson learned that entangled together to build the man who i am today… ) (i’m not also going to talk to you about my achievements if its not part of the main story, because after about 500 hundred certificate in less than a year, i learn that, the true achievemtns doesnt live on the wall (ghabe ax), the true scientists was only concern of science, we liked to talk about them,... (they are 

(i’m not going to talk about my glorious achievements, as if i think if someone is all about success, perhaps they are not performing well, after all we learned about overfitting problem in machine learning, that also applies to our learning). And beside that if i have learned from more than 500 certificate i earned in the last year, is that achievements doesnt belongs to wall, they are …)

And anotehr lesson from machin learning, that brings me this path, was an observation of generativeAI, that tought me you cant be truly generative if you havent been trained on a vast amount of data, 

I want you to know about my passions and interests, aswell the failure and lesson learned, after all all of these together are what we call motivation

She was fooled to think that the life is always working on her behalf, it was an expensive price she had to pay, before she learn how things really works.

In their childhood games, she used to reimagining building and cities, roads and even trees in a multiverse designed inside her brain.

And mathematics and art wasnt an entangled portion of her life.

I'm writing this to you to tell my story, i don't want it to be special, or assured ticket to the university. so in the next few sentece, i'm trying my best to tell you an appealing story of a person
who had allways difficulties to clusre her self in the conventional categries of man and woman, one things she didnt know about, wich is still today one of the challenges with any artifical inteligence system
and that was there wasnt enough example of her, so a larning could be modeled. so it wasnt a problem to men so they coudnt understand of her reality. even as a small child she was allways attracted to diffiulat problem, on her early days she used
to spend hours in her mind to solve the integer factorization problem, even she wasn't able to solve the prblem, trhough out the years, she developed anormous huristices to solve alotof other problems. as a child she spent hours to understand her nature with a hope of developing another intelligence that wasnt very diffrent, as she percived people around her.
years been pas and she was growin as a young adult, so her problem was also growing in size and shapes, one things she never could think of, is as the best student of the country(a pioneered student) she will ever fall, but that was exactly what happend. she started to making wrong desion and building a life uppon those mistakes, she started her career as an enterprounor, a little after she 
was hardly secured her position in the university of one of the worst universites of the country, as she was thinking she doesnt belong, she was know that was her choices. she have been skewed of her passions as a child, and she kepts doing that. she maried and become a father of a son. as her son was growing old, she realized that she is not even performing well on her desion as a father, she asked herself: how she could goes all the way wrong, isn't the most intellgince of us supposed to be successful?
so in 13 november of 2022 she decided to do everything to reversed her mistakes. and theat when my story begins. 
my name is Monie (Mohammad Irfan Kabir), and i am nonbinary, borned in a small town in north iran in later 1987. my father, praised on his soul, was a phiscian, who traveld long from his home country to meet with my mother in the country of iran.with a great philosohpy of how being kind with everone else he managed to rais his tree son, and im honred by his shadows on me before his sunset in december 2019.   in the closing of 2022 i was about to take my most imprtant desions of life, while i was financially decpretaed, i wanted to become a great scientist as it was my dream when i was a child, but the number of barriers was exponentially growed since i was a child, there is an old saying “It takes a village to raise a child”. It was enough thinking it was time to start, and to see how far i could go, my early study was about experience design, where i have mastered behaviroal analytics, and soon i have started think of personal development, to understand our self biases, fortunately linkedin had an academic series offered for free. Just in a few month i found my elf with hundreds of certificates, at first i was happy developing new skills but soon certificates lost their value, they where just ofr gamifaction, according to credly, i have developed 252 skills , all in the firm of computer science. There is an old saying “It takes a village to raise a child”. Coursera was indeed one of those companies who had the most contribution to supported me financially ad it was in one of their courses when i met professor John Rofrano, a senior software developer at IBM and a professor at New York university, he was truly aspiring, and i owe him many of my achievements, indeed he was my guide all along hte way, it takes more more tahn 1000 hours of academic study, until i realized what i actually love, machine learning was a solution to many of my questions, and as i was experiencing more and more with the field of data, but it wasnt the only part of computer science was attricting me, quantum computing becomes also one of my concerns together the belend of this t field was the path i was looking for, to contribute my effort into bringing a quantum general intelligence at everyones disposal.


Studying machine learning wasnt just about scientific computing, probablicstic analysis or data visualization, it was also about life, of how our internal processes work, how to develop a n ethical mindest, how to become a better man, as i have studied more than 500 hunder course in the last year, i was also thinking of the einstein, he said, “the purpose of learning isnt about formulas, that you cant find in any book, it was about to teach mind how to think. And i listened to him, at the ssame time i was learning, i also was taking notes of what can make us a better learner, borrowed from behavior analytics, artificial intelligence, quantum information and math matics,i had chance to also study few courses about nural science, to learn more about our brain , and even some courses about our food from university of stanford. And i have written all of those experiences into a research of my own, namely “The learning model”. 


I found data science not just as my passion, but as an opportunity to make me a better person, and eventually i can makes other lifes better too.


Even at first my studies seems to repeat the pervious mistakes, but eventuall all of them worked together to support my path, given my large curriculum, if i didnt master project management and two of its core philosophies agile and waterfall, i had no chance to complete all of this course in that short spans, i have learned how to efficiently manage hundersd and sometime thousands of tasks in hand for a day, and this is just the beginning of it.

Through out my career i worked in different areas, i have started as an enterproourno in  my early days in the gaming industry, that let me not support my financial need, but also to study the behavior of more than 50000 child, i had chance to oversee a few architectural project and many times other i was selling my professional service and advices to my clients. 

And worked toward architectural projects, industrial design, and served as a consultant within a few startups, even my career wasnt straigh forward, in last 21 year i experienced many topics, that i think in the worse case, it was the building blocks, for what i have started to build today.

One of the greatest barrier i was dealing with was the time, how i coud manage such a huge task at hand, well, with a financial constraint there where no other choices, i had to figure it then, later it becomes one of my greatest lesson of life, that it doesnt matter how long the path is , as you dont think to the outcome but the process, it will help you to survive its challegencs.

The one thing i have become specially interest in , i was always asking myself a question, in reality nobody can remember any of those classes talk, but a few function that help them to solve the problem at hand, i have see this as another machine learning problem and with the integer factorization problem together they become foundation of research i am working on and because i see them as a foundational problem, it was clear that i should also vast my knowledge about quantum information, to understand how naturally things come across, and what makes us superior to artificial intelligence. .. and for that i first need to excel in the field of data, and learn as many thing as possible to support a very challenging problem, which then i hope the method help both human and machines, to learn exponentially faster, which can carry so many benefit, finance and time is a few of its application to name a few, even i have established a base for my research, drafted a base but i am need to learn from the best people arond the world if i want to expand my learning constraints,... and i dont a better place to help me with that goal but a place that knowledges are initially build like universities.

One of the challenges i was facing was learning english at the same time i was learning about science, but eventually it becomes one of my greatest opportunity, as i was able to measure how learning works, how probably multi tasking can happen in learning if its not possible in the physicals form, but when it coems to brain every things seems to works differently, and that leads me to also follow quantum computing, to understand how all of these works to gether and hopefully some day developing an understanding how this works together, it wasnt just one or two course, i was facing 100 of them, over 4000 horus of academic learning in a time frame of one year, i admit i wasnt finished them all, but more than 500 hundred certificate isnt as easy it might come to speak, its not just about being dedicated or persistent, combining with the condition i was facing in my personal life with my son, and financial problem that i was developing an efficient learning usecase … 

Another things i was always concerned for, was the rise of enormous application, compete on the market share, wich reminds me the story of the evolution of time, but i coudnt ignore the fact, that all of these are built upont three gates And or and XOR, we are not talking about quantum computers,which can a lotof gate, for instance the famous hadamard gate, it also means if we dont sovle the problem with conventional computers the philosophy, we will have exponentially more problem in te quantum era, that wil lead us to fail.but this problem by itself becomes even greater than the real problem we have to deal with in close future, and i hope again that advancing in machine learning will help me o contribute a convenient solution … 



